---
layout: story
title: Truth or Dare
source:
    url: http://www.ticklingforum.com/search.php?searchid=18919953&pp=&page=2
    name: TMF
author:
    name: tummytickler100
    url: http://www.ticklingforum.com/member.php?3387-tummytickler100
---

## Part 1

Last summer I got dared by my two sisters(I live two blocks away from them) To let myself get tied to a fireman pole in a local park for two hours. Of course I agreed, after they agreed to pay me $50 and with their promise to be somewhere close by watching at all times. So I was stripped to a bikini top and jeans and tied standing with my wrists strapped above my head and blindfolded(yes, blindfolded) as my two hour wait began. The first person that came along was a mom and probably a 10 year-old little girl. My sisters taped this whole thing luckily so I can remember it. Anyways, the mom saw me and came over to me with her kid. She asked if I was alright and started to untie me so I quickly said no and told her about the dare. "Well then," she said. And I knew before she touched me that the first batch of tickling was coming. She started dragging her nails up and down my bare sides as I squirmed and giggled. "Geez, this is going to be a long two hours for you," she said as she continued to tickle my sides. Then the little girl walked over and started tickling too. Both mom and child took one of my sides and kept up the tickling. I was going through some trouble but on the tape it looked kinda funny the way the mom was grinning at me. After about five minutes of only side tickling she wished me luck and took off with her kid. I was about ten minutes until the next batch of tourist came along. It was a group of three, a girl and two boys, probably in their early teens. The boy saw me first and motioned his buddies over. He asked if I was okay and once again I was forced ot give the reason for my bondage. "So I can tickle you?" he said kind of stupidly. "Yeah," I said reluctantly awaiting their nails to overcome my bare midriff. After a short wait the first pair of nail skittered down my sides, then the second quickly joined on the other side. I started squealing and squirming from the side tickling but the girl got me going as she started marching her manicured nails over my bare tummy. I tried to bend over to shield my belly but the ropes held my tummy stretched out taunt and ticklish. One of the boys was behind me scrabbling his fingers all over my sides and the other one was in front next to the girl now working my ribs. But the worst part was definitly the girls long fingernails running over my tummy, my absolute worst spot. They kept up for approximityly seven minutes and would have gone longer if my sister hadn't stopped them to give me a drink and move me to a new position. But the real suprise was that only around 30 minutes had passed up.

## Part 2


Well the boy and his two friends went home leaving me still tied with my sisters. "That was quite amusing," my sister Val said as she quickly ran a finger across my ribs, making me jump and giggle. She then untied me and told me they had a new spot. I took the blindfold off and was led over to a small slide where I was told to lay down. So I layed down with my arms at my sides and my ankles dangling off the end of the slide. That was how they tied me, with only my exposed soles hanging off the end of it. The blindfold was replaced and they went back to their hiding spot to sit and watch. A couple minutes passed when a guy walking his dog stopped and studied me for a while. He came over sneakily and stood next to me examining my position. "Are you okay lady?" he said with a hint of excitement in his voice. "Yeh, I'm fine," I said and told him the latest playground news. "Hhhhhmmmmm," he mumbled to himself befor positioning himself at my feet. "So your supposed to get tickled?" he asked one more time. "Yes," I said and with that he started scrabbling his nails over the soles of my feet.I immidiatly burst out giggling and tried to wiggle my feet out of the ropes but that was helpless as he explored my sensitive soles. He was probably the best tickler so far that day, he started at my soles and gradually moved his dancing nails up to the bottom of my toes. This tickled like crazy and I strggled but to no effect as the bonds wouldn't break in a million years. After about 5 minutes of this he got up and walked to my side. Suddenly he stuck his fingers in between the strands of rope and wiggled them into my ticklish flesh. This drove me nuts as my hands were so close but not able to get away from my sides. I let out a sudden shreik as he wiggled a finger into my bellybutton and he stopped suddenly as he heard one of my sisters laughing. Like a criminal he was gone in like a second. Having had enough of that my sisters footsteps reapeared and I felt the bonds loosening. I took the blindfold and saw them grinning madly as they pointed to my left, I looked over and saw something which after all the helpless tickling amazed even me........a woman that was approaching us with nothing other that feathers in her hands! I didn't know about the TMF at the time but I swear that it could have been someone in this forum. I was retied to the fireman pole and my sensative tummy was exposed to torturous tickling once again. I had an hour still left of the long day!

## Part 3

With an hour and fifteen minutes left of tickling time I was retied to the pole and the new female tickler arrived. I still don't know how she ended up at the park with a feather but my sisters gave me no say in the matter. I was tied back to the pole(I guess it was a teatherball pole because the ropes were tied to a little ring on top of the pole) and the blindfold was replaced as I anticipated this new tickler. Suddenly the feather tip touched right above my jean waistline(which had been yanked down a tad bit for more tickle space) and glided softly up my side. The feather tickled horribly and I tried to swing my body away but she started attacking my other side with her free hand and once again I was defenseless. I hung back giggling madly as she slowly shifted the feather on to my toned abs and started tracing designs across my tummy. My tummy screamed crazily at my brain to protect it ticklish surface but all I could do was try and bury my head into my arm and muffle the laughter. The lady then put the feather down and started spidering all ten of her fingers across my twitching tummy as I squeled and squirmed. Then to my luck one of my sisters decided to join in and began goosing my sides as the other girl continued on my tummy. She would drag her long nails across my quivering tummy and have one finger running circles around my bellybutton, getting closer and closer until she would dive in and wiggle her finger into my oval innie. Then she would start over again, running circles around the indent on my tummy until at the last moment diving in again and again. All the while she was doing this my sister was scrabbling her fingers up and down my sides like crazy, as my whole body shook with laughter. Suddenly the tickling stopped and after I cought my breath I heard muffled wispers and I realized another tickler had come. She had been jogging on the park and came over to see what the rucus was and decided ot join in.

