---
layout: story
title: An Unusual Slave Contract
author:
    name: Serhazat
    url: https://www.ticklingforum.com/member.php?158587-Serhazat
source:
    name: TMF
    url: https://www.ticklingforum.com/showthread.php?311602-An-Unusual-Slave-Contract-(F-F-stomach)
---

Maya wondered what morbid fascination drove her to check the banking app on her phone again. It wasn't like there was some magic ritual that would make the number grow larger if she checked it 10 times in as many minutes. And sure enough, she had barely enough to pay for a few more meals if she made it stretch, just like she'd had 30 seconds ago. The half-Asian college girl sighed with misery and went back to thumbing through job listings. Preferably one of them would have a signing bonus that she could use to pay for a hotel room.

'Scratch preferably, I need one. I'm gonna freeze to death if I spend the night out here,' she thought to herself as a gust of cold evening air made her shoulder-length black hair whip around her face. There were a few snowflakes mixed in with the wind that made her shiver from more than just the cold. She hunched over on the park bench she was sitting on in an effort to stay warm, pulled up the faux-fur trimmed hood of her leather jacket, and began scrolling through the job listings with increased urgency. The homeless shelters she'd been able to find were all filled to capacity. She'd never been homeless before, and she had no doubt in her mind that her lack of knowledge on where to find shelter would lead to a slim 19-year-old girl with only a jacket, light shirt, jeans, and sneakers to her name like her freezing to death on a cold winter night like this.

Thinking back on why she was in this miserable situation made Maya want to burst out screaming curses at her father. She'd slowly lost contact with him after her mother had died in a car accident last year, and she hadn't realized that he'd accrued sizable gambling debts with unsavory underworld types until after he'd committed suicide to escape them. Clearing the debts by emptying her bank account and auctioning off everything but the clothes currently on her back and her cellphone finally got those debt collector thugs to leave her alone, but it was little comfort when it looked depressingly like she was going to die of hypothermia on her very first night since being kicked out of her apartment. The young college girl raised a hand to her face and used her jacket sleeve to scrub away the bitter tears welling up at the sheer unfairness of it all.

'Hm? What's this? "Looking for a college-age girl to act as a live-in tickling slave. Applicants must be ticklish, okay with touching and being touched intimately by other women, and willing to spend extended periods of time both bound in the nude and around similarly restrained women. Activities will primarily consist of tickle torture and slave play..." What the hell?' Maya stared dumbfounded at the job listing displayed on her screen. The complete and utter absurdity of what she'd just read made her stare blankly at it for a couple minutes. 'This has to be a joke listing, right?' she thought to herself. But against all odds the disclaimer on the bottom of the page proudly stated that the website had confirmed that this one was just as legitimate as all the others down to the last detail.

Maya swallowed in disbelief. She did meet all of the requirements. She also downright loathed being tickled and the idea of being tickle tortured made her skin crawl, but both the pay it promised and the "live-in" portion of the job description implying that they'd provide a roof over her head for the night was too good to pass up. The desperate homeless girl pressed the listed phone number and hesitantly raised the phone to her ear.

-----

"Just so we're perfectly clear on this, you agree to become my slave for the next month once you sign this piece of paper, effective immediately. You will wear what I tell you to and will either strip or get dressed on command regardless of where we are as long as it wouldn't be a clear risk to your physical well-being. For the sake of clarity, that includes even in public. Outfits may include degrading or humiliating cosplay and on days where I don't provide you anything at all I expect you to remain nude without complaint. Any and all failures to follow orders or fulfill your role where appropriate will be punished as I see fit. Are we clear?" Maya stared glumly at the red-headed girl sitting across the table from her. She briefly glanced out the window at the big, fluffy snowflakes falling outside. It looked to be quite the heavy snowfall tonight.

"...yes," she eventually said in a small voice. Her prospective employer raised an eyebrow at her clear show of hesitance, but decided to otherwise ignore it in favor of going back to going over the contract with her. She had trouble focusing. The idea that she was signing herself into a month of sexual slavery was too overwhelming. It was difficult to maintain her concentration through the negotiations. The majority of what the girl was saying was fading into background noise despite her best efforts to pay attention, and she only caught a few snippets here and there pertaining to "slave" and "follow orders".

This area of town was so ritzy that the buses didn't even bother going this far. Maya had had to spend a couple minutes searching for the closest bus stop to her destination and then walk for over an hour to get to the front gate. The property of the mansion alone was large enough that a butler had needed to use a golf cart to ferry her across the driveway. She currently found herself sitting in the lavishly decorated office of a massive 4-story tall mansion. Everything in the room looked so expensive that the middle-class college girl was terrified to touch anything. She currently sat hunched on the very edge of the chair she'd been offered trying her best not to look like a country bumpkin by staring at furniture that she suspected each cost more than her yearly rent had.

She'd been expecting her employer to be some sleazy middle-aged man with a thing for younger woman and had honestly mistaken the young red-headed girl who'd come to retrieve her from the foyer for his daughter. It hadn't dawned on her that the girl was the one who had made the listing until she had started going over the details of what it meant to be a tickling slave with her. Maya briefly looked her over. She by and large preferred men, but had to admit that the red-head sitting across the table from her was one of the ones she'd make an exception for. Her prospective employer had dyed her hair a flaming red with darker highlights around a sharp face before tying it up in a ponytail. Her hair was matched by an expensive looking red mini-dress with black and earthy brown highlights that did an excellent job of accentuating her slim figure when combined with her black thighhigh nylons. The advice Maya had read in a magazine once that confidence was what affected the figure the most popped into her head, since putting it all together with how collectedly the girl held herself did an impressive job of making her relative lack of curves come across as elegant rather than lacking.

"I'm not going to lie, I fully intend to torture you on the days when it's my turn. And it will be torture." Maya snapped back to attention noticing the serious expression on the girl's face that told her that she wasn't kidding in the slightest. She briefly wondered what the girl meant by "my turn", but brushed it aside. "This isn't just a job contract, it's a waiver stating that we aren't going to use safe words or have the right to refuse sessions that normally come into play with BDSM until the month is up. I'm going to use that to tickle torture you past your furthest limits several times a day." The redhead sighed and leaned back in her chair with a tired look that made Maya wonder just how many applicants had immediately run for the hills upon hearing that. "I understand this all sounds really weird. It's okay to say no if you're uncomfortable with it. I'll compensate you for travel and time spent if you do."

"I'll do it," Maya took a few deep breathes to gather her courage before she responded. She frankly didn't want to. Maya had been pinned down and tickled by both friends and family several times over the course of her life, so she knew just how ticklish she was. What the girl had just explained to her sounded nothing short of hellish. It was all too tempting to take up her offer to turn her down for some quick cash, use the money to get a cheap hotel room for the night, and go back to looking for jobs that weren't quite as literal about torturing her for fun. But she needed more than just money for a hotel room, she still had to pay off her college tuition. The amount listed on the contract was more than enough to see her through until she graduated. She didn't know if there was such a thing as another job that'd give her that much money in just a month.

"Thank you. My name is Isabel. My friends call my Izzy, but for today you may call me Mistress," the girl said as she slid the contract over for Maya to sign. "Now follow me." Maya half expected for Isabel to lead her all the way down to some torture chamber in the basement, but was caught off-guard that they didn't even go all the way down the hallway. They'd only gone two doors down when Isabel led her into a room filled with bondage equipment. The sight made Maya shiver. She was a bit more knowledgeable about bondage and sex toys than she liked to admit, and she could tell that the x-frame, bondage horse, set of stocks, and padded rack arranged in the small room were of obviously high quality. What was worse was that the rest of the equipment made it quite clear what would happen to anybody unfortunate enough to be trapped in one of them. Shelves around the room had feathers ranging from fluffy down feathers to stiff eagle feathers, all manner of brushes, metal backscratchers, little metallic pinwheels, a small ice maker, different types of vibrators, dildos, blindfolds, and gags all carefully on display.

"Do you have rooms like this all over?" Maya asked.

"We do now. This mansion is... 'excessively large' would probably be the best way to put it, especially since both of my parents are always too busy at work to come home. It was honestly a total pain to have to walk all the way down to the basement if one of the servants needed punishment. A lot of the rooms were empty for simple lack of having far more of them than I had things to put in them. So I decided to convert one or two on every floor into a play room. Plus, I find that it helps keep the staff in line if I make them clean in them every once in a while," the redhead explained with a small smirk. Isabel walked over to the padded rack and gestured towards it. "Now, if you'd be so kind as to strip naked and lie on this."

Maya felt her heart sink. Isabel had told her to her face that the torture would start the moment she signed the contract, but she'd been holding onto a slight hope that the girl hadn't meant it literally. But there was no escape. She'd already signed the contract. The ex-college student slowly took off her clothes piece by piece, feeling a blush spread all the way to the tips of her ears feeling the eyes of another girl about her age hungrily drinking in the sight of her disrobing. Her discarded articles were left in a nearby hamper that already had a few maid outfits stuffed in it before she hesitantly made her way over to lie on the bondage rack. The fact that Isabel wasn't even trying to hide that she was getting a kick out of watching her force herself to obey despite her trepidation was rubbing salt in the wound. Soon enough she was locked in place lying lengthwise across the rack with heavy, padded manacles locked around her wrists and ankles.

"Tell me when it's stretched you to your limits." Isabel was fiddling with a small touch pad on the side of the rack. Maya could hear a motor kick into gear under her right before she felt the middle of the rack directly under the small of her back begin to rise up. An increased feeling of vulnerability washed over Maya as the changing contours of her bondage forced her arch her back until her tight tummy was stretched taut.

"Ah!" Maya gasped and jumped a little in surprise before gritting her teeth to escape any giggles from escaping. The awkward position that she was left in had the side effect of keeping her from seeing anything lower than her stomach. She was completely caught off guard feeling a set of long nails begin to lazily trace up and down the soles of her feet. It was like slight shocks of electricity were running up her legs. Maya half expected Isabel to soon stop, but she had no such luck. The tips of the nails continued to lightly trace up and down from the bottom of her heels up to the base of her toes with controlled intensity. Maya did her best to hold on, but there was nothing she could do. The persistent, teasing assault continued until she couldn't hold it in anymore. A small giggle escaped her lips.

"AAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA! NOHOHOHO! NOHOHOT THEHEHEEHERE! GET IHIHIT OHOHOHOUT! GEHEHEHET IT OUHOHOHOHOHOHOT!" Maya screamed and burst out howling with laughter at the sudden change in intensity. The fingers had left her feet the moment she'd giggled only to be replaced by far worse tickling. She wasn't certain how she felt about now being able to see exactly what Isabel was doing to her. Her sadistic new mistress had grabbed a small portable hairbrush off of a nearby shelf and was furiously scrubbing it all around her taut, arched stomach. That alone was agony enough for poor Maya, but it was being compounded by having the worst spot on her body being exploited at the same time. Isabel was wielding an electric toothbrush in her other hand to stick it inside of her bellybutton. Feeling the stiff bristles vibrating against the sensitive walls of her bellybutton while everywhere from the base of her rib cage to her groin was scrubbed was easily the worst tickling Maya had ever experienced in her life.

The newly-hired tickling slave immediately realized the true terror of how she'd been bound. She desperately wanted to buck her hips in an attempt to dislodge the tickling implements, but she didn't have any room to with how the bondage rack had been raised to force her to arch her back as far as she could go. There wasn't even enough room to squirm to change how the toothbrush was pressed into her. She could only helplessly guffaw with deep belly laughs as Isabel continued to mercilessly torture her. The overwhelming helplessness of her situation made it exponentially worse. Being forced to strip naked in front of a stranger, resigning herself to being ruthlessly tortured for some sadist's amusement, and being tied up in such a way that she couldn't even squirm enough to take away control of which part of her bellybutton the electric toothbrush was currently being pressed against were all factors that added together to form a crushing sense of vulnerability that made her feel a dozen times more ticklish than normal.

Maya could only scream with laughter and beg Isabel to stop with increasing desperation over the ensuing 5 minutes of tummy tickling. She was left gasping for breath when the tools were finally removed from her sensitive skin. Isabel walked over to leer down at her with an evil smile spread across her face.

"My oh my, I went with that one on a whim. I honestly wasn't expecting to strike gold right off the bat." The sadistic mistress pulled out her phone to tap away. Maya's eyes went wide at the sight of the phone's app with 30 minutes input into it. "We're going to play a game. I'm going to tickle you all across this cute body of yours. If you ever make a sound then I'm going to punish your ticklish tummy for... let's go with 5 minutes. Sound good?"

"Oh god, no. Please not that. I'll go crazy! Please, no more tummy tickles!" Maya begged. It struck her the moment her pleas left her lips that that was the exact wrong thing to say. Or more to the point, it was the exact thing her tormentor had wanted to hear. Isabel's face lit up with delight at her naked fear at the sound of the twisted game she'd proposed.

"Perfect! Let's get started then." Maya screwed her eyes shut and grit her teeth again. Isabel had extended a single finger from each hand to scratch the very tips inside of her armpits. She slowly circled around the outer edge of Maya's ticklish pits while lightly scratching away. Every time she finished a trip another finger would join in. The fact that the bound black-haired college student knew exactly what she building up to made it all the worse. The building dread that she'd soon feel 10 fingers lunge in to dig into the depths of her sensitive hollows was driving her crazy. It was almost worse to her that Isabel started counting back down after after finishing a circle using all of her fingers.

It was moment that Maya let her guard down that it happened. Just as she was coming to the conclusion that her mistress had no intention of going all out and was only using teasing tickles to mess with her, Isabel dove in to punish her by pressing the pads of her fingers into the innermost, most ticklish part of her armpits. Maya was left shrieking with laughter feeling the fingers dig in. Her stomach and bellybutton were only the most ticklish parts of her body by degrees, with her armpits being a close second. Maya's howls of laughter went up a notch thanks to her tickler changing to wielding the soft bristles of a make up brush in one hand to cover the entirety of one armpit while using the quill of a feather in a pinpoint attack in the other for a couple minutes. When the promised 5 minutes of stomach punishment came she was reduced to hysterics. It was too much for her to take. She could only howl, scream like a banshee, and laugh as the assault continued unabated.

"Oh this must be so horrible for you," Isabel cooed as she transitioned to exploring around Maya's ribs and breasts. "Having me have complete control over this tight, sensitive body of your must be making you feel so helpless. Being made to laugh so much hurts, doesn't it? It must be complete agony be barely able to breath. Come on, you want me to stop, don't you? All you have to do is ask. I promise." Isabel's taunts and blatant false promises were the final nail the coffin. Maya had understood in her head that she was going to be tortured, but now she truly understood it. There was nothing she could do to win. The constant tickling and taunts left her incapable of holding back her laughter anymore. Isabel amused herself poking and prodding all across her body only to return to hammer her midriff over and over again until the phone beeped to signal the end of the game.

-----

Maya wrapped the towel around herself. Taking a shower helped her feel a little better, but she still felt beaten down. She looked down at the choker Isabel had left on the bathroom counter as a low-key slave collar. It wasn't an article of clothing she'd ever worn before, and affixing it around her neck felt weird. The black-haired tickling slave sighed and looked herself over in the mirror. She hadn't been expecting it, but she somehow felt worse now than she had sitting on the park bench.

The tickling had mercifully ended the moment time was up, but it had still been torture. She couldn't believe that she was in for an entire month of this living hell. It took effort for her to open the bathroom door and head back into her room knowing that all that awaited her was more torture.

"Welcome back, my mistress. How would you like to use me today?" Maya was struck speechless at opening the door to the sight of Isabel sitting completely naked outside of a pair of black thighhigh stockings around her shapely legs. Her cruel employer had been sitting on the edge of her bed idly kicking her legs. At the sight of Maya emerging from the bathroom she'd immediately rearranged herself to sit on her knees on the carpet and demurely bow with an odd greeting.

"Wha... Huh?" Maya could only stare slack-jawed at the sight. Isabel noticeably grew worried at her expression.

"The date changed yes? I didn't do this too early, did I?" the redhead nervously muttered to herself as she glanced at the clock. A look of dawning shock and horror soon replaced her worry. "Oh god... Did I forget to explain this to you properly? Oh no... oh no. Please, forgive me! Please properly educate the body of this naughty slave!" she cried and groveled on the ground. Maya unconsciously took a step back. She was growing increasingly nonplussed at the sheer strangeness of how Isabel was acting. It certainly wasn't helping her get used to mentally referring to the girl as her mistress.

"Well, you see, this job isn't just for you to be my tickling slave, it's for me to be your tickling slave as well. The thing is, I love being a slave to other women just as much as I love torturing girls harder than they can stand," Isabel nervously explained as she collected herself off of the ground to resume sitting on her knees. She uncomfortable squirmed under Maya's shocked gaze where she sat. "I'm really, really sorry if I didn't explain that to you properly earlier. You see, it's actually super hard to find a girl who's willing to switch off roles of 'slave' and 'mistress' with me every day. Like, a lot harder than it is to find a dedicated sub and infinitely harder than a mistress. Most of them just called me a pervert and walked out once I tried explaining the setup to them. I was just so happy that you agreed that I must've never bothered confirming that you fully understood. I'm sorry. It's... it's okay if you want to leave..." Isabel's voice slowly petered out as she explained. It looked like she was on the verge of tears over the misunderstanding.

A smile started to spread across Maya's lips. The next month was suddenly looking like it was going to be a lot more enjoyable than she'd initially predicted. She let the towel covering her drop to the ground, walked over and took the slim woman's hand to help her stand, and started leading her over to the bed. The idea of having her way with Isabel's tight, nubile body as revenge for the earlier tickling sounded a lot more appealing than spending her first night in the mansion restrained by the cuffs attached to the four corners of the bed.

"Don't worry, I won't leave. At least not until I properly punish my foolish little slave for the mistake she's made."